Other provisions of the Constitution, including those on the family and on the position of women, also deserved attention.
Article Calculation of compensation
The purpose of the present report is to present key characteristics of oil statistics and point out crucial methodological challenges.
Stocks are kept at refineries, terminals and oilfields.
1998 : CCAQ requested ICSC to delay consideration of this matter until such time as the necessary research had been carried out65.
(a) Whether a general rule on attribution of conduct to international organizations should contain a reference to the “rules of the organization”;
Another factor contributing to non-registration is the number of space objects owned and operated by present and former intergovernmental organizations, such as the International Telecommunications Satellite Organization, the European Telecommunications Satellite Organization (EUTELSAT), EUMETSAT and INMARSAT.
Some developing countries had called for SDT and had emphasized the key importance of capturing the technology side of environmental goods.
“Reaffirming their belief that international trade on the basis of equality and mutual benefit is an important element in promoting friendly relations among States,
The President (spoke in French): I should like to thank Mr. Morris for the additional information he has given us and for the answers that he has provided to the members of the Council.
Expulsion and related concepts
Kluwer Law International, La Haye/Boston, 2001, p. 23-40.
In the majority of cases, the persons had been detained or released.
For those reasons, it would be a mistake to undermine the effectiveness of the Court in any way.
As of June 2005, 68 countries had at least one company certified by the EU.
Research and systematic observation (Agenda item 8)
The European Union welcomes the initiative taken by the Government of Germany to host a third conference on early warning systems in the course of this year.
For intelligence purposes, its status should be changed to that of a criminal investigation.”
(a) “A blend of space science and technology and those pertaining to the Earth's atmosphere”;
The laws of the Republic of Lithuania do not provide for any exemptions from this rule.
The judicial membership of the Rules Committee has not changed during the current reporting period; it comprises Judge Agius (Chair), President Meron and Judges El Mahdi, Kwon and Parker.
It would be grateful to be kept informed of all relevant developments regarding the implementation of the Resolution by Switzerland.
Its reverberations have been felt far and wide.
I should be grateful if the present letter and its annex could be circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Another way to improve the functioning of the Security Council is to make it effective in addressing crimes against humanity.
1.5 Committee for Program and Coordination CPC
(a) Providing technical secretariat services and substantive support to the General Assembly, its General Committee, First Committee, Special Political and Decolonization Committee, Second Committee and Third Committee as well as of various subsidiary and ad hoc bodies;
The Governments of Andorra, Australia, Austria, Czech Republic, Ghana, Greece, Ireland, Luxembourg, South Africa, and Sweden increased their contributions in their local currency, which, together with the weakening of the dollar, resulted in an increase of $1.1 million.
In addition, Israeli national customs officials continued to operate at the Israel Defense Forces post at the UNDOF crossing gate between Israeli-occupied Golan and the Syrian Arab Republic.
Business acquisition in Latin America started to grow. Asia/Pacific and West/Central Africa Divisions both experienced significant readjustments during the organizational change/restructuring process and present challenging environments in which to enhance portfolio acquisition and delivery.
We know that in order to tackle terrorism successfully, our response must be legitimate and must have the support of the international community.
H.E. Mr. Abdul Samad Minty Ambassador
WWSF received UNFPA and DPI consultative status in 1999.
Aerobics and Swimming courses are also organised for women by the CNSF.
Article 16: Equality in Marriage and Family Law
Approves the operational budget of 5,366,136 dollars for 2006 and an indicative operational budget of 4,213,264 dollars for 2007, for the purposes set out in table 1 to the present decision;
The need now for all the nuclear weapon States is to reaffirm this logic.
The level of criminality in Guinea-Bissau remains relatively low. However, seizures of illicit weapons and cocaine suggest an increase in organized crime operators.
Rapporteur: Jean-François Noël (Canada)
21 A. v.
The Kingdom of Morocco profoundly believes that, if the members of this organ are to become more active, the Assembly must enjoy clearly defined and respected powers.
It agreed that for the time being, it would continue to use this approach on a case-by-case basis, in a flexible manner.
At the same meeting, Ms. O'Connor introduced draft resolution E/CN.4/Sub.2/2005/L.17, sponsored by Mr. Bíró, Mr. Bossuyt, Mr. Chen Shiqiu, Mr.Cherif, Mr.Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos, Ms. Koufa, Ms. Mbonu, Ms. Motoc, Ms.
8-4-2 Legislative measures and ratification of Arab and international conventions on child labor (1998-2003) 538 - 548 143
Consequently what would be required is a national strategy that would reflect a clear national plan of action, based on the agenda of Stockholm conference and the recommendations of Yokohama conference.
On 8 February 2005, for example, that prepaid card had a contact with a mobile telephone number belonging to Tarek Ismat Fakhreddin.
There are courts of appeal in all wilaya headquarters towns, composed of the following divisions:
These programmes include the following:
With regard to the protection of children's rights before they are born, the Civil Code (art. 2) stipulates that legal capacity starts with the birth of the person, and ends with his death.
(c) In order to achieve this, does your State make legal advice available at appropriate levels of command in respect of the application and operation of the relevant principles of IHL?
As on March 31, 2004 around 417,000 families or 1.16 million individuals were insured in all States and Union Territories. Of them, nearly 48 per cent from rural families and 9,400 below poverty line families have been covered.
Expected outputs: Sessions of the COP and its subisdiary bodies are organiszed and supported in an effective and efficient manner.
Italy calls on all States to declare and uphold a moratorium on the production of fissile material for nuclear
We urge the Ivorian parties to implement the peace agreements without delay, including the decision taken by the mediator on the issue of eligibility to run for the presidency.
The Committee notes the positive efforts made by the State party to address racial discrimination, which have also been recognized by the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination in its concluding observations (CERD/C/60/CO/1).
All in all EVC can lay the foundation for a personal development programme (professional, socio-cultural and linguistic) that should lead to further integration.
This Convention aims to ensure that adoptions are carried out in such a way that the child's interests are put first, and that his or her constitutional rights are respected in accordance with international law.
It is not a battlefield, but a place to find comprehensive solutions.
Ship routeing and reporting measures
To this end, strategies for identifying the types, sources, amounts, interactions and key user groups need to be established, as well as strategies for assessment of the socio-economic aspects of marine debris.
Review by the Panel of the claims in this late-claims programme
One parastatal entity, Consejo Estatal de Protección al Ambiente (COEPA) of Veracruz, Mexico, also submitted informal comments.
The purpose of the pilot surveys was not to produce estimates of prevalence, but only to test the methodology and the questionnaire in different contexts.
While enrolment in secondary and tertiary education continues to expand, too many young people miss the opportunity to obtain education and training for good, productive jobs;
More resources should be invested in research on both the conditions conducive to the spread of suicide bombings as well as methods employed by States and other actors to combat this form of terrorism.
UNCTAD had made progress in increasing the participation of developing countries in new and dynamic sectors of world trade relating to the energy sector.
Combined initial, second and third periodic report of Vanuatu (continued)
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of these proposals.
Little use has been made of the possibility of granting victims a period of reflection and temporary leave to stay in Norway.
Since 2003, 480 women have participated in the Female Future programme and are potential candidates for board positions.
The Committee might also like to consider expanding its dialogue and cooperation with other relevant bodies, such as the export control regimes, on furthering non-proliferation.
These initiatives are evaluated and are summarized in the annual report that is admitted by the Walloon Government to the Walloon Parliament.
Colombia has progressive legislation and an assistance programme for displaced persons that is implemented in a decentralized manner.
Australia,* Barbados, Benin, Indonesia, Italy,* Kenya,* Mexico, Myanmar,* Norway,* Republic of Korea,* Sri Lanka, Sudan, Thailand and United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland: draft resolution
The recommendation on the proposed positions of locally recruited staff is contained in para. 20 above.
The item entitled “International Year of Sport and Physical Education” was included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly at the request of Tunisia (A/58/142).
Policies and programmes involving youth
Past communications have not always sought to categorize cases strictly.
(Criminal Code, Articles 197-198). If the child is between the ages of twelve and fourteen, under Article 201 of the Criminal Code the action qualifies as statutory rape.
For those reasons, his delegation would vote against the draft resolution.
The effort to combat terrorism is another challenge, the challenge that is played out in a Manichean manner, evil and good opposing each other.
Indeed, the great Western Powers, who have guaranteed so much to their peoples in terms of freedom, equality and respect for the fundamental values of mankind must show greater rigor in peacefully promoting the same principles at the global level.
Maldives has no stockpile of nuclear weapons nor has any ambition for involvement in such activities.
Subprogramme 5 Economic cooperation and regional integration
Currently, information and communication technology indicators for the region as a whole are lower than world averages.
Scenario A (low impact). Public life and business in New York City are hardly affected by the pandemic, but there is the risk of rapid transition to a higher-impact scenario.
Desirous of promoting the implementation of paragraph 76 of the Final Document of the Tenth Special Session of the General Assembly, the first special session devoted to disarmament,
The States Parties shall, when possible, and in conformity with their national law, reduce or remove regulatory barriers to the use of telecommunication resources for disaster mitigation and relief, including to the provision of telecommunication assistance.
Official Records Sixty-second Session Supplement No.
Activities in this category will continue to be tailored to local needs and conditions allowing for different delivery modalities from field to field.
S = Rate applicable to staff members with no dependent spouse or child.
Rather, the role of national support policies is to strengthen the lead role of innovative private enterprises and related capital formation.
Mandate
As far as complying with international humanitarian law is concerned, my delegation underlines that armed State actors and armed non-State actors have equal responsibility in the protection of civilians and in adherence to the law.
Many say the most important of these are health care and job security; they need “sick days, to be able to leave and not get fired if there is an emergency”.
Agenda item 3 (b)
The Committee also held 9 closed meetings to discuss agenda items 4 to 7.
The allegations essentially related to flaws in law as well as the alleged misconduct or negligence of the authorities in applying the measures that the law provided.
(a) The Convention of the International Labour Organization No. 29 concerning Forced or Compulsory Labour and No. 182 concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour, both on 2 September 2003;
To Love Children aims not only to make schools “knowledge centers” for the community but also act as a gateway bridging the gap between education, opportunity and employment.
States parties remained committed to implementing article VI of the Treaty.
The State party should expedite procedures to recognize such ancestral lands;
Takes note with appreciation of the report of the Ad Hoc Working Group on the Revitalization of the General Assembly established by resolution 61/292;
The Acting President: I now give the floor to the representative of Haiti, who will speak on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States.
Proposed insertion of a new definition
In multiple accused trials, each accused can file an appeal and the Prosecution may file a counter appeal.
Chairperson: H.E. Mr. Matern Y.C.
Paraguay
Current Situation on Maternal Mortality, 2001,2002,2003, MoH, Maternal and Children Research Centre
(CL 131/REP, paras.
E. The Middle East
Decidedly, Africa is making progress, with improvement in the macromanagement of many African economies.
Eighteen years ago we spoke of the people of Puerto Rico, a nation which is still fighting for its independence.
For we all talk about a just world. We all talk about a peaceful world. We all talk about a world of brotherly love and solidarity.
The Council also welcomed the progress achieved by the Special Court for Sierra Leone and reiterated its support for that body.
Demand for construction services was also vibrant in the hotel industry for both fractional hotel units such as condominium complexes and standard hotel structures.
The United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) was established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 302(IV) of 8 December 1949.
The SVF - even though a small fund - enables UNV to test ways in which domestic and international volunteerism can best be harnessed as a strategic force in support of the MDGs.
A plan has been designed for disseminating and implementing legislation through the PNSMG of the MSP.
Activities at the country level included participation at a conference at Istanbul Bilgi University, Turkey (16-19 November 2006) on “United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods - what challenges for Turkish sales law?”.
On the basis of consultations with delegations, the two Co-Chairpersons will propose an outline for the topic to be discussed by the panel at the eighth meeting.
The representative of Egypt made a statement and announced that Argentina had joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
These lists are available to other government agencies, but in particular the Police, the Ministry of Finance, Customs and Immigration Services.
In addition, the Regional Centre has provided a venue for debate among States in the region so that they can adopt common positions on disarmament and non-proliferation issues.
The impact of these developments on demand for genetic resources from the wild is unknown, but it is likely that nature will continue to be a source for original novelty and complexity.116
Subsequently, he was also convicted in an Austrian regional criminal court for “negligently causing the insolvency of a company” and was sentenced to a suspended prison term of five months.
cit., note 194, vol. I, p. 147 (chap.IV.2)).
www.buildingindustryhawaii.com/307_guam.asp, accessed 21 March 2007.
(b) Scope of the topic 19 - 27
The maximum pregnancy and childbirth allowance was increased to 16,125rubles (it had been 11,700 rubles in 2004 and 12,480 rubles in 2005).
That is particularly important given the increasing number of Governments that have announced their intentions to implement national programmes to develop nuclear power, including projects to construct nuclear power stations on their territory.
The transfer of technology and capacity-building in the pharmaceutical sector are the cornerstone of affordable treatment, as identified in paragraph 6 of the Doha Declaration.
Myanmar also received the visit of a very High-Level Team from the ILO (vHLT) in February 2005.
It expresses the hope that the same services would be provided at the next session, within existing resources.
* Decree 6.118/2007 is on file with the Secretariat and is available for consultation.
Also requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly on the establishment and implementation of the programme at its sixty-third session;
In 2005 it had hosted the Eleventh Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, which had led to the adoption of the Bangkok Declaration.
The Committee commends the State party on the range of recent laws aimed at eliminating discrimination against women and promoting gender equality and on achieving compliance with the obligations under the Convention.
We hope that the report will also be conducive to enhancing transparency in the work of the Security Council.
Sixty-first session
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has prepared a draft Order of the Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine on the implementation of Security Council resolutions 1737 (2006) and 1747 (2007) concerning the Islamic Republic of Iran.
A better evidence base for decision-making is critical to planning, to the improved use of humanitarian funds and to the measurement of outcomes.
It also established that parties to the arbitration or officers, employees or shareholders thereof who testified to the arbitral tribunal should be treated as witnesses under the Rules.
Expressing also its concern about the underrepresentation of women in political and economic decision-making, and stressing the importance of mainstreaming a gender perspective in the formulation, implementation and evaluation of all policies and programmes,
Multilateral
China
Article 15 957 - 1040 176
Affirmative measures also exist to respond to the particular needs of women in the workplace.
The major initiatives of the higher education was geared towards the attainment of four (4) goals, namely:
In May 2003, the DepED launched the Brigada Eskwela (School Brigade) to mobilize community support.
For the period 24 to 28 September 2007, requests for inscription should be sent by fax only to 1 (212) 963-5935.
We wish him every success as he leads the Office of the Prosecutor through what will clearly be an important time and what may possibly be the final phases of its activity.
Acknowledging the contribution of the emissions from deforestation to global anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions,
Violence and racism in the context of sport have also become an issue of serious concern, and we must therefore stress a policy of preventive education to ensure that they do not spread, particularly among young people.
The law should provide that priority between competing security rights in the same encumbered assets is determined as follows:
The Committee is concerned that the low level of social pensions and unemployment benefits are not sufficient to guarantee an adequate standard of living.
Flexibility in policy development is needed to accommodate new scientific evidence and correct any unintended consequences of past efforts.
He took note of the steps taken by UNIDO to implement the recommendations on “Delivering as One”.
International use of electronic authentication and signature methods may also benefit from the adoption of those UNCITRAL standards.
This type of arrangement is substantively different from Models 1 and 2 framework agreements because of these features, and the Working Group may wish therefore to regulate them, if at all, separately.
Figure 2. Estimated use of total resources, 2008-2009
At its 5th meeting, on 2 May, the Committee heard 7 statements by non-governmental organizations.
The Committee collaborates with UK Sport, Commonwealth Games Canada, Handicap International, Landmine Survivors Network and Rehabilitation International.
(d) Establishment of a national committee on trade and transport facilitation, including ministries, Government agencies and the private sector, to provide coordinated solutions and decision-making;
It remains urgent to address the humanitarian needs and socio-economic realities of daily life, the extreme hardship of which poses an implicit threat to all efforts to stabilize the country.
I would also like to place on record our appreciation of the leadership of Her Excellency Sheikha Haya Rashed Al-Khalifa during the sixty-first session.
President's summary 11
See Council resolution 2006/13.
The Rio Group would work constructively to fashion a budget proportionate to the Organization's needs, priorities and mandates.
Mr. Ali (Syrian Arab Republic) asked which delegation had requested the recorded vote.
The joint development of approaches, methodologies and instruments could ensure that findings are co-owned and utilized as a basis for policy development and the design of technical assistance initiatives.
UNAMI presently occupies four separate premises within the international zone.
In particular, the uranium market is based on a diversified geographical base, including developing countries.
Good offices
It has therefore been established that the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women takes precedence over domestic legislation, save those provisions to which the Government of the Niger has submitted reservations.
On 18 September 2006, the Chairman transmitted the fifth report of the Monitoring Team to the President of the Security Council (S/2006/750).
(d) To provide special protection to women during pregnancy in types of work proved to be harmful to them.
Parameters
On the other hand, it should assure that States adhere to universal norms, values and principles, and fully respect and fulfil their obligations that emanate from various international and regional politically and legally binding instruments.
Abstaining: Australia, Canada, Nicaragua.
In favour: Angola, Azerbaijan, Bangladesh, Bolivia, Brazil, China, Cuba, Djibouti, Egypt, Gabon, Ghana, India, Indonesia, Jordan, Malaysia, Mali, Mauritius, Mexico, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Pakistan, Peru, Philippines, Qatar, RussianFederation, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Uruguay, Zambia.
PPEW Platform for the promotion of early warning
* General Assembly resolution A/RES/S-21/2 (adopted in 1999), Key Actions for the Further Implementation of the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development.
A list of participants is contained in annex II to the present report.
However, she stressed the need for more detailed information about the results of the National Reproductive Health Programme.
International Coffee Organization
Office of the Chief Administrative Officer
Friday, 21 September 2007, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3; and
Item 11 of the provisional agenda*
Learning lessons may be a natural process, but sharing and implementing lessons across different missions is not.
The Working Group also expressed its appreciation of the overview and analysis of the past work of the Working Group as presented by the Chairman in his working paper.
Mozambique 278 59
In his overview report (A/61/786), the Secretary-General addresses a number of these issues, including training, temporary duty positions, quick-impact projects, regional cooperation, fuel management, costing structure for air operations, spare parts and the better use of technology.
The Committee requests that the Secretary-General address the matters outlined above in his next overview report.
The Committee considered the initial report of Egypt (CMW/C/EGY/1) at its 50th and51stmeetings (see CMW/C/SR.50 and SR.51), held on 23 and 24 April, and adopted the following concluding observations at its 57th meeting, held on 27 April.
Mostly as a result of the enormous increase in investment disputes in recent years, discussion of what should be the counterweight to investors' rights has gained momentum.
Shippers facing liability for delay can likewise be expected to purchase insurance cover in an amount equal to the cap on their liability for delay, also a significant maximum exposure (e.g., perhaps 500,000 SDRs per voyage).
Legal capacity
Her ordeal is not forgotten by the people of Ireland.
Employed persons by sector and gender
At the police station, he was arrested and detained together with the missionaries.
National Governments could also facilitate local authorities' access to donor support and other international finance by aggregating loan demands of multiple localities into a common borrowing facility, realizing economies of scale, pooling risks and enhancing bargaining power.
E-business practices also required an enabling legal and regulatory environment, and solutions needed to be sufficiently flexible so as not to be rendered obsolete by rapid technological change and to adapt to the specific needs of developing countries.
He also questioned the screening of conscientious objectors' applications by a committee composed of military personnel and the derogation from the rights of conscientious objectors in time of war.
The Working Group emphasized that the specific needs of programme managers should be taken into consideration to strengthen the use of IMDIS for results-based management and that the development of IMDIS should be adequately resourced.
The international community, led by the Council, must immediately find a way to halt the killing and protect the vulnerable.
As a result, Pacific Blue's planned launch of twice weekly service from Brisbane, Australia, has been suspended.
The avoidance of early marriage and of pregnancy among very young women is also conducive to the reduction of maternal mortality (para. 8.24), as are strategies to reduce the spread of HIV.
SADC had developed a policy framework on gender, upon which the member States continued to draw in developing their national gender policies.
A national corruption strategy was adopted in February and six Cabinet Ministers are currently being investigated for corruption.
(c) Continuing improvement of quality and of processing time in the area of procurement through increased automation and further rationalization of the procurement process wherever possible.
His intervention preceded remarks by the 2004 Chairmen of the UNDG Programme and Management Groups on progress since the last joint meeting of the Executive Boards.
Concerning the draft CPD for the Democratic Republic of the Congo, many delegations spoke about the challenges of moving the country towards peace and stability.
On all these points, the European Union (EU) is committed to playing a leading role in helping to meet the special needs of Africa.
Information on the redeployment of posts authorized in General Assembly resolution 58/270 is contained in paragraphs 23 to 25 of the performance report.
Resource requirements
Thanks to many active governments and delegations in this room, as well as researchers and civil society - not to be forgotten, a vast poolof knowledge and documentation is available, including even informal draft treaties.
However studies by NGOs on various aspects of governance, increasingly form an input to governmental policy and action.
Describe efforts to establish objective criteria and processes for appointment and promotion of women to relevant positions and official delegations.
It is estimated that bank interest to be earned in 2006-2007 would amount to $1,990,100.
In 1987, the Department was made a State Secretariat for Social Affairs and the Status of Women.
International agencies working inside Myanmar do not have sufficient access to the zones of ongoing armed conflict or instability in the eastern part of the country, where protection and other humanitarian vulnerabilities are particularly acute.
(b) Further implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States (continued)
In reaction to previous statements during the special session, the representative said that the United States noted that "good policy", rather than "policy space", should be the focus when crafting development policies.
Transmission of information to the Committee 149 70.
It requested the Special Unit to promote the use of information and communication technology, with a special emphasis on assisting least developed countries and African countries, to facilitate their connectivity and use of this technology.
However, both the ABC and SBS are required to submit codes of practice to the Australian Communication and Media Authority, which uses them to assess complaints against the national broadcasters.
Ms. Hulan (Canada) said that UNRWA was carrying out critically important work, and her Government had pledged its continuing support for the Agency's endeavours.
Guyana
Further regional consultations would be held in the first semester of 2005 and their outcome would depend on the degree of participation of governments, parliamentarians, non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and other civil society entities, particularly human-rights organizations.
First and foremost, an end should be put to violence against children, whether a physical or emotional, within or outside the family.
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its sixty-first session the item entitled “Measures to prevent terrorists from acquiring weapons of mass destruction”.
See supra note 348.
We have concluded safeguards agreements with the International Atomic Energy Agency, including on additional protocols.
It is imperative that these crimes be investigated in a timely and credible manner and that perpetrators be prosecuted and brought to justice.
The seminar produced 21 recommendations addressed to ECCAS member States and to OHCHR.
Governance: next steps
desertification and/or mitigating the effects of drought
(c) United Nations Literacy Decade: education for all;
At its 5258 th meeting, on Monday, 12 September 2005, the Security Council met with troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Mission in Liberia (UNMIL).
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 29 (A/58/29).
In general, the broad involvement of stakeholders in the elaboration of the third series of national reports contributed to enhanced involvement in the UNCCD implementation process, built stakeholder capacities, promoted teambuilding and networking and facilitated awareness raising, advocacy and publicity.
That procedure seems indispensable and should be observed when enacting national space legislation.
Section 2(l) - Hijacking
They also offer children opportunities for leisure in the form of organized trips, evening entertainment, film screenings, etc.
Human history, whether classical or contemporary, registers a long list of human tragedies.
They hoped that the upcoming joint UNDP/UNFPA informal briefing on Atlas would provide information on the costs, the benefits and the challenges in implementing the Atlas system (N.B. The Executive Board postponed the briefing due to a lack of time).
A/60/137 and Corr.1.
The estimated non-post requirements will cover general temporary assistance, overtime, various contractual services, maintenance costs related to specialized security and office automation equipment, cleaning and repair of uniforms, communication costs, security-related supplies and replacement of security and safety equipment.
* To be completed for inclusion in the final report of the Conference.
In a recent report titled The Jerusalem Powder Keg, the International Crisis Group states:
Differences in the mean age of people in treatment for drug problems is relatively small between the regions (see figure VIII).
Status of preparations for the United Nations International Meeting on the Question of Palestine to be held on 8 and 9 March 2005 at the United Nations Office at Geneva
Nine juvenile courts were established, seven with UNICEF assistance, and 22 judges, prosecutors and social workers received training in Egypt.
This cycle is equally important for leisure and business and conference tourism and travel.
The President, with the consent of the Council, invited the representative of Somalia, at his request, to participate in the discussion without the right to vote.
The development of the financial sector was a central task in many developing countries; indeed, an improved financial infrastructure was essential for private sector development, particularly for small and medium-sized enterprises.
There were different views regarding approaches to defining debt sustainability in the context of key national objectives.
The challenges of the Millennium Declaration, contained in the Secretary-General's report entitled “In larger freedom”, are transnational in nature and trans-institutional in terms of possible solutions.
The President (spoke in French): I call on Mr.Zacklin to respond to the questions that were addressed directly to him and to make any comments he might care to make following our debate.
Although the Russian Federation had always favoured decision-making by consensus in that regard, the sensitivities of Member States had stood in the way of consensus not just on a binding international convention, but even on a declaration.
They would make it possible to learn from experience and look to the future.
Success would be guaranteed if all worked together.
There is increasing evidence to support these arguments.
Decides that the payment suspensions imposed on all “second-in-time” claimants should be lifted, and that outstanding payments should be made to these claimants when funds become available in accordance with decision 253 (S/AC.26/Dec.253 (2005));
(iii) Ad hoc expert groups: three regional meetings in Africa, Asia and Latin America to review progress made in the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action for establishing efficient transit transport systems;
The diplomatic community continues to be targeted, with people being abducted and killed and their facilities attacked.
The peace sought by the people of the island required more than a halt to the bombing, it also required the return, development, decontamination and demilitarization of the land.
Article 7. The operation of treaties on the basis of necessary implication from their object and purpose
After the 7 July 2005 London bombings, that ugly trend had reached its highest degree and, in some cases, had led to loss of life.
At its forty-ninth session, in January 2005, the Commission on the Status of Women had undertaken a comprehensive 10-year review and appraisal of the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action.
For the foregoing reasons, and therefore in spite of its serious criticism of Cuba's human rights record, the European Union intends to vote in favour of draft resolution A/60/L.9.
The establishment of appropriate forms of property rights, in conformity with the international legal regime, could also constitute a basis for the development of exchange markets.
Man-made fibre products have particularly significant prospects since the demand for them exceeds supply by about 250,000 tons a year.
The maintenance of security and stability in Iraq is a very important guarantee for the smooth development of the current political process in Iraq.
(c) Judicial and arbitral functions:
Disappearances were not confined to one region, but occurred on all continents, particularly in countries in a situation of armed conflict.
The consideration of seven communications had been discontinued.
We pay tribute to the ECOWAS efforts to find a solution to this issue, and we very much hope they will lead to an early and peaceful settlement in accordance with the will of the Togolese people.
The results of such measures should be monitored with a view to being discontinued when the objectives for which they are undertaken have been achieved.
In the cannabis production area, 75percent of the douars (villages) and 96,600 farms were found to have produced cannabis in 2003.
(c) Establish specialized family courts with trained judges and other professionals involved, and ensure that family law practice is accessible to everybody and that family law procedures are conducted without undue delay.
Hu Jintoa, President of the People's Republic of China
The role of the Government-supported militia, commonly referred to as “Janjaweed”, is also set out below.
The Sudan Liberation Movement/Army
Promoting institutional reform and capacity-building
(a) Took note of the reports of the Intersecretariat Working Group on Price Statistics and the Ottawa Group on Price Indexes;
The Advisory Committee notes that the mandate of the Mission involves providing assistance and guidance and facilitating and coordinating a number of activities for which UNMIS is not directly responsible.
The revised data indicate that the Party consumed 15.1ODP tonnes of Annex A, group I, controlled substances (CFCs) in 2004, rather than the previously reported 69.9ODP tonnes.
The Afghan National Army has thus far demonstrated its effectiveness as it conducts joint military operations with coalition forces against those subversive elements that seek to jeopardize the political transition.
However, it agrees with the Office of Internal Oversight Services that it is necessary to adopt a systemic, enterprise-wide approach that is designed to meet the needs of the entire Organization.
As an alternative, it was suggested that paragraph 3 of the draft article could instead refer to a party's approval “of the information to which the signature related”.
The other grave violations and abuses taken into account are the killing or maiming of children; rape and other grave sexual violence against children; attacks on schools and hospitals; and abduction.
Additionally, UNMIK has distributed hand-held radios to international and national staff members;
We are also awaiting the report of our verification mission.
In that regard, Indonesia associates itself with the statement made by the Permanent Representative of the Lao People's Democratic Republic, who spoke on behalf of the member countries of the Association of South-East Asian Nations (ASEAN).
The formula called for cuts in industrial tariffs of developing countries.
Similarly, if a portion of the electronic communication was withdrawn, the communication as a whole would, in his view, be null and void.
4 September 1997: Explosions at the Copacabana, Chateau and Tritón Hotels, and at La Bodeguita del Medio.
Type II: Conversion of existing national facilities to multinational ones
Mr. Sattar also inquired about a demarcation between the Sub-Commission and Commission on the subject.
The Commission considered the third report andadopted nine draft articles together with commentaries (Chap.
Although a sponsor of draft resolution A/C.6/59/L.8, her delegation was open to other proposals with a view to reaching a compromise solution.
It also encourages the State party to engage national human rights institutions, non-governmental organizations and other members of civil society in the process of discussion at the national level prior to the submission of its second periodic report.
This would represent a charge against the contingency fund and, as such, would require appropriation for the biennium 2006-2007.
The Board welcomed the improved economic performance in a majority of developing countries and progress towards the Millennium Development Goals, which have taken place in an improved external economic environment.
The growing tendency for people to move in and out of poverty can mean that those who are not thought to be poor in a particular period may be overlooked by social assistance programmes.
Aquifer States shall employ their best efforts to collect and, where appropriate, toprocess data and information in a manner that facilitates its utilization by the other aquifer States to which it is communicated.”
The secretariat has also prepared a CD-ROM for Parties having no Internet access or having problems accessing this site.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Benin for his kind words addressed to my country.
The Special Rapporteur notes that this precariousness and the associated fear of homelessness can lead some women to stay in abusive and dangerous situations, or return to them if they have attempted to leave.
In order for those lifelong ideals (values and achievements for women's issues) for which it paid heavily in martyrdom, to continue and keep their validity, the NUEW must conduct continuous awareness and educational programmes.
Open-ended Working Group of the Basel Convention
Secondly, we need to improve the collation of empirical data for both situation-specific and global trend analysis to facilitate the Council's deliberations and decision-making.
It was noted that such a risk was enhanced given that the footnote to article17bis (1) permitted a State to include fewer circumstances in which enforcement might be refused.
It had endeavoured to streamline its legislation and had recently promulgated a new law as part of a strategy embracing the entire cycle of drug trafficking and including rehabilitation and consumption-prevention strategies.
The challenge was to create suitable conditions for all countries, particularly LDCs, to benefit from globalization and attain the Millennium Development Goals.
This assessment has been prepared on our own authority, but we have consulted other members of the Council before submitting it.
To support the rightful sovereignty of the United Arab Emirates over its three islands, the territorial waters, airspace and continental shelf and the exclusive economic zone of these three islands, being an integral part of the United Arab Emirates;
Additional assistance should be given to women's organizations and associations so that they can be provided with effective and modern means of communication.
In this context, the Council encourages further cooperation between DPKO and UNAIDS and its co-sponsors, non-governmental organizations and
(i) support the diversification of sources of financing as well as enhanced funding for the implementation of the Convention, through the Global Environment Facility and the Global Mechanism and other possible sources, inter alia, the Sustainable Development Foundation;
The methodology still needed adjustment in order to become a truly effective tool for matching resources and output as closely as possible.
Specifically, at the time of the initial review, the Panel had recommended compensation in the amount of USD 7,785.47 for the real property component of the claimant's claim for D8/D9 (individual business) losses.
While the trappings of a justice system existed within the United Nations, it was not effective, as illustrated by, inter alia, the fact that managers took an average of 448 days to respond to an appeal.
In the meantime, an e-health strategy was developed for Uganda, which is expected to be tested out in the country in the coming months.
I would like to take this opportunity to express Egypt's appreciation to the countries that have reaffirmed their commitment to fulfil their obligations in that regard.
They need substantial relief as quickly as possible to allow them to move towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
(i) Old operative paragraph 42, which read:
The High Commissioner emphasized that development was not only within the primary responsibility of States but also a matter of collective responsibility demanding international cooperation and constructive global partnerships.
However, they should not be portrayed as an inter-ethnic problem.
He invited delegations that wised to explain their vote before the voting to do so.
However, following the transfer of the Identification Commission files to the United Nations Office at Geneva, all personnel of the Identification Commission were repatriated by 31 December 2003.
The most significant rules include those found in Articles 51 and 57 of Additional Protocol I.
20 ,000/- is provided to each bonded labourer. As on March 2005, as many as 266,283 have been rehabilitated.
Specialised courts, viz., Family Courts, about 84 in number, have been established in 18 States and Union Territories, since the year 1984, to deal with the issues pertaining to family matters, like marriage, divorce, child custody, guardianship, maintenance, etc.
For that reason, such universal principles or basic human rights are undeniable.
More specifically, challenging security requirements were addressed in Afghanistan, Côte d'Ivoire, Guyana, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Liberia, Nepal, Saudi Arabia, Syria and Togo; and as a response to the tsunami incident, in Indonesia, the Maldives and Sri Lanka.
- Peace and security for every single citizen of Togo;
The Chairman: Since it was the representative of the United Kingdom who asked for a recess, I should like to give that country the floor.
The estimated average net length ranges from 6.5 to 7.1 kilometres, collecting considerable by-catch of dolphins, sharks and turtles.
The most important of these are: the Convention on the International Trade in Threatened wild Flora and Fauna (1973); the Amazon Cooperation Treaty (1978); the Convention on Biological Diversity (1992); and the Framework Treaty on Climate Change (1992).
However, the plan has not yet been realized because of lack of funding.
Adoption of Vienna Convention decisions by the seventh meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Vienna Convention
Agenda item 102 Strengthening of security and cooperation in the Mediterranean region
3.5.4.1 Various forms of protection
There is today a huge potential for regional trade in professional services in developing regions.
This year, Italy, as host country of the 2006 Winter Olympic Games in Turin, has the honour to present draft resolution on the Olympic Truce (A/60/L.15).
The time has come for the Ivorian parties to clearly assume their respective responsibilities.
In the report on its sixth session, the Forum also made a number of recommendations giving rise to programme budget implications.
While 76 per cent of all suicide missions target international military and Afghan security forces, their victims have been largely civilian bystanders: 143 civilians lost their lives to suicide attacks between 1January and 31 August 2007.
Please also provide statistics on the provision of affordable housing for women.
The Ministry of the Interior has said that the case is under continuing investigation.
A/56/1026-S/2002/932, annexII, resolution 14/221.
The detection and monitoring of potential risks has become an important part of “epidemic intelligence”, and surveillance systems are being adapted to address the risk of epidemics spreading to Europe from less-developed areas.
They consist of both examination grades and grades awarded for classwork.
The report refers to the fact that there is little research that focuses explicitly on immigrant women's relationship to the qualification system or working life, and that there is a need for more information in this area.
Since installing effective countermeasures on civilian aircraft would be a time-consuming and costly process, these aircraft are likely to be vulnerable to MANPADS attacks for the foreseeable future.
The Trade and Development Board, in paragraph 30 (b) of the 2006 mid-term review, recommended that UNCTAD's research and analysis be strengthened by examining systemic issues of the international economy of particular importance to developing countries.
Promotion and protection of human rights: human rights questions, including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms
60/193 Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development
As a consequence, the work scope of the Financing for Development Office has been expanded beyond policy issues to include matters of technical cooperation with national tax authorities.
It was not based on any notion of the equality of States.
Wire line telephones, wireless or cellular telephones, fax machines, electronic mail and the Internet are examples of technologies that are available in both urban and rural areas throughout the world, and which are heavily used in commercial activities.
The number of Secondary Schools increased from 781 in 1998 to 1,291 in 2004.
Gender perspective has also been mainstreamed in some humanitarian assistance programmes, as well as in the areas of post-conflict reconstruction and rehabilitation.
For example, Colombia, which has adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, including the general provisions of its article 7, but has established a legal presumption of authenticity only in respect of digital signatures (Ley de comercio electrónico, art.
21-Nov-06
Based on the inspection report, penal action, if required, is taken against the association as per the penal provisions of the Act.
Humanitarian liaison and coordination
21.54 The requirements under non-post resources of $215,100, reflecting a decrease of $19,700, would provide for other personnel-related costs, consultants, expert group meetings and travel of staff.
It is also desirable to spread the message of universal respect for cultures and religions by all and for all.
Ms. Chutikul, referring to paragraph 52 of the report, asked why violence against women was regarded merely as a public health problem.
Implementation of recommendations on the investment framework
HexaBDE shows a significant potential for bioconcentration and biomagnification; HeptaBDE biomagnifies through the food web but at a lower extend than that expected from the Kow.
The United Nations was created on the basis of the resolve of all States that collective action was the only basis for taking measures to address our common global problems.
This responsibility to protect underpins the notion that States must protect their own populations.
It is also concerned that prevailing social and cultural attitudes constitute barriers to women's full participation in all spheres of public life.
Second and third periodic reports
Audit recommendations made in 2006
Focal points for arrangements related to the high-level plenary meetings
In cooperation with heads of department, it will also be responsible for the placement of staff who have reached their post-occupancy limit.
The results that were addressed in the Workshop were achievements of a truly international nature for all those involved in previous workshops.
Concessions for medications and for coal have been converted to cash payments.
(d) Level of economic activity, employment and unemployment, by region of the republic.
Programme budget implications of the draft resolution contained in document A/AC.265/2006/L.8/Rev.1: Ad Hoc Committee on a Comprehensive and Integral International Convention on the Protection and Promotion of the Rights and Dignity of Persons with Disabilities (continued)
However, the invitation has not been sent to date.
(b) Follow-up to the twentieth special session:
On 20 August 2007, two CN-235 and one Cougar Turkish military aircraft violated international air traffic regulations three times and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus three times.
Demographic Yearbook, 2006 and 2007 editions (print) (2)
Rapporteur: Ms. Caroline Burgess (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland), assisted by Mr. Leif Nilsson (Sweden)
Technical Committee IV
The paper contains a list of toponyms in the national territory for sections I to VIII of the border between Chile and Argentina.
Poverty and Transition to market economy in Mongolia, UNDP, Ulaanbaatar, 1994
Conclusions reached by the Working Group regarding draft article 89
Interregional South-South cooperation will be enhanced through improved coordination and communication among global thematic centres and programmes, regional centres, regional communities of practice, country offices, and United Nations system partners.
Guidelines on International Protection: Application of the Exclusion Clauses: Article 1 F of the 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees (HCR/GIP/03/05), 4 September 2003.
Public administration and governance measures can contribute towards more efficient and effective actions to eradicate poverty and hunger, ensure universal primary education, empower women, combat HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases, reduce child mortality, improve maternal health and ensure environmental sustainability.
It is thus worthy to have Africa participate in adopting such resolutions. This can come about by granting Africa a permanent seat on the Council alongside the current five permanent members.
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixty-third session on the implementation of the present resolution;
Agreement with the Catholic University faculty of medicine (nursing course) on industrial health and safety training for third-year students.
We insist on the urgent and proper mainstreaming of the Strategy into the appropriate work programmes of the United Nations agencies and international conventions.
His delegation therefore proposed that the establishment of the Unit should be taken up under agenda item 48.
Sixty-second session
Original: English 28 June 2007
5.5 The author reiterates that the court was not impartial.
Subsequently, “Econtract” made several bids for projects in Austria, including the construction of soundproofing of a track operated by the Federal Railroad Corporation.
Subsequently to be issued also in Arabic, Chinese and Russian as part of the Committee's annual report to the General Assembly.
Reference is made to the letters of the Naturalization Board of 16 July 2001 and 17 September 2001 addressed to the author; transcript of the hearing in the Liepâja first instance court of 11 September 2001.
It therefore welcomed the efforts of the Personal Envoy of the Secretary-General to bring the parties back to the negotiating table.
2.2 Education must benefit both females and males of all ages to create change in communities.
Members are requested to remain seated until all ballots have been collected.
E. Cost effectiveness 34-37 10
(a) Crime and human security:
The Internal Security Forces, General Security, General Customs and the Lebanese Armed Forces.
Terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction are grave threats that can be most effectively addressed when countries join forces and take common action.
The present addendum describes regulations and practices with the use of official and working languages in the United Nations system.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to Ms. Lilian Delgado (e-mail journal@un.org (cc: deschenes@un.org); fax 1 (212) 963-4790; room S-2370; tel. 1 (212) 963-0493 and 963-3888).
See document 1057 of 17 November 1959.
Accordingly, the provisions of the UNCITRAL Insolvency Guide applicable to security rights would apply to acquisition security rights.
The African States reiterate their commitment to the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS and to the Political Declaration on HIV/AIDS, and further express their commitment to scaling up towards universal access to HIV/AIDS prevention, care and treatment by 2010.
By translating that principle into practical provisions consistent with the overall reform agenda, WTO would be able to continue to support developing countries' economic development needs.
To be held on Wednesday, 30 May 2007, at 4.10 p.m.
Implementation of recommendations on the six mandated areas of the Forum and on the Millennium Development Goals:
The Advisory Committee notes that, depending on the dates of the elections (see para. 10 above), the mandate of the mission may also be adjusted, in which case the review should be adapted accordingly.
The European Union welcomes the fact — I refer to resolution 60/44 — that participation in the system for reporting military expenditures has increased almost steadily since its establishment in 1981.
The latter option was upheld by 60.41 per cent of voters.
In 1999 a seller - a Cyprus company having its principal place of business in Russia- and a buyer, an Italian company, entered into an agreement concerning steel goods.
In 2007, UNODC expanded its technical cooperation programme in Africa, pursuing a balanced approach between legislative norm-setting, law enforcement and preventive activities.
That Project, which had yielded very positive results, had also provided training for nurses and academic scholarships for health-care workers.
- The Joint Plan for DDR Operations (PCO) signed on 9 January 2004 and updated at the seminar on disarmament held from 2 to 6 May 2005 in Yamoussoukro under the auspices of the South African mediation;
This is unacceptable.
Irregular mixed population movements had become a serious challenge to the international refugee protection system.
He adds that, during his military service, he was assigned to the political ideology section.
It was not satisfied by the complainant's explanations, which tended to question the veracity of the persons who had allegedly provided the certificates in the first place, when confronted by the information gathered by the Board.
The mandate of the ENFP includes, communicating and co-ordinating on the sub-regional level, planning and co-ordinating operational activities on the national level and implementing the responsibilities of Eritrea as undertaken in the Declaration and the Protocol.
The evaluation reinforces the importance of strengthening the practice architecture, steps towards which are being undertaken by BDP, BCPR and the regional bureaux.
At the same time, it is equally important to acknowledge that the international community, including the United Nations, should remain engaged in the country and continue to support national efforts for peacebuilding and recovery.
Entities involved in nuclear or ballistic missile activities
However, a moratorium on nuclear testing could not substitute for the legal obligations arising from the Treaty, which would achieve much-needed predictability.
It was to be hoped that the Preparatory Committee would give the necessary attention to that important issue in preparation for the Review Conference.
32 CRC general comment No. 5, para.
She noted that only two Parties had submitted comments pursuant to decision VIII/25.
Similar variations exist for medical procedures like breast cancer screening, orthopaedics etc.
Such laws also benefit consumers by lowering prices for goods and services and making consumer credit more readily available.
Chapter VII of the Constitution, entitled “Rights, Duties and Fundamental Guarantees”, provides for a number of civil and political rights, including freedom of religion.
Agenda items 115, 117, 129, 130, 132
Function 13: Human resources
Declares the Committee's resolve to ensure, with all means available to the Organisation, the compliance by the Russian Federation with its obligations under this judgment;
Two million Afghan refugees are in camps, some of which are close to the international border.
The increased use of computer systems in the private and public sectors has spurred the development of a database of geographical names and associated information.
Nepal accords high priority to promotion of women's right, gender equality and the empowerment of women.
- Sexuality in freedom and responsibility,
In this respect, it must be noted that the number of pre-school facilities has not increased in recent years.
In Ghana, for example, through the partnership with the National Forestry Programme Facility, forest forums are being established enthusiastically in each of the 10 administrative regions of the country.
(b) Organization of the work of the session.
Such use would also be a flagrant violation of international norms relating to the prevention of genocide.
Rule 303.3 Retroactivity of payments
At its meeting in Washington on 2 February, the Quartet decided to support in an active and determined way the relaunching of the peace process.
The legal personality in civil transactions is acquired in Sudan under article18 of the Civil Transactions Code 1984.
This specialized unit, whose personnel will be drawn initially from the 200-strong Liberian National Police Support Unit, will have the capacity to respond quickly, efficiently and robustly to major breaches of internal security.
Table 28: Working Bahrainis (15 and Older) According to Main Economic Activity and Sex in the 2001 Census
Nevertheless, Austria believes in the feasibility of an arms trade treaty.
(g) Encourage States to halt and reduce conventional armaments and armed forces, including military budgets;
The Agency has also strengthened its international coordination efforts.
However, that effort must be comprehensive, rather than selective.
Algeria had promulgated legislative texts covering environmental preservation issues to contribute to the sustainability and stability of the economic and social development process.
Unaccompanied shipments on home leave, family visit or education grant travel
Accordingly, RTAs often envisage the issuance of regulations or decisions on cooperation, and they may also be supplemented by bilateral enforcement cooperation agreements between the parties.
Technologies for adaptation at regional, national and local levels Figure 5 illustrates the geographical scope, when provided, of technologies for adaptation reported by Parties and organizations in their submissions, as categorized as regional, national and local.
L. Cattleya, “Gender Equality”: Contribution for CSP I Report: First Half of the FY2005/2006.
IV.5 The Advisory Committee notes that the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2008-2009 reflects a 0.7 per cent decrease from the biennium 2006-2007.
The purpose of the four workshops was to emphasize the importance of good census management and to highlight the evolving capabilities of geographic information systems and other geospatial technologies that could be used in censuses.
We believe, as does the Secretary-General, that it is time to abandon piecemeal approaches to resolving the Middle East crisis and to start final status negotiations that deal with all the disputed issues.
Terms of reference of the Inter-agency Task Force on Statistics of International Trade in Services
The operational tempo of KFOR framework operations remained calm during May.
The Advisory Committee therefore recommends deletion of the phrase “after consulting with management” in paragraph 2 (j).
At the conclusion of those hearings, the Parties presented the following final submissions to the Court.
It is important that the membership as a whole remain actively supportive of this new body, which is intended to offer advice and to coordinate peacebuilding efforts in countries emerging from conflict.
(b) Coordination and cooperation in combating piracy and armed robbery at sea;
Recalling the Articles of the Charter of the United Nations that encourage the activities through regional cooperation for the promotion of the purposes and principles of the United Nations,
Recalling that the role of international cooperation and coordination on a bilateral basis and, where applicable, within a subregional, interregional, regional or global framework is to support and supplement the national efforts of all States, including coastal States, to promote the integrated management and sustainable development of coastal and marine areas,
3. A State that has made a declaration pursuant to paragraph 1 of this article may establish rules pursuant to which contracts of assignment concluded before the declaration takes effect become subject to those rules within a reasonable time.
24. Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session a report on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the implementation of the present resolution.
3. Endorses recommendation 2 of the Unit;
Adopted at the 64th plenary meeting, on 16 December 2005, on the recommendation of the Committee (A/60/509/Add.2 (Part II), para. 102), by a recorded vote of 101 to 53, with 20 abstentions, as follows:
7. Also urges States, while countering terrorism, to ensure due process guarantees, consistent with all relevant provisions of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the Geneva Conventions of 1949, in their respective fields of applicability;
7. Encourages the Fund to continue to contribute to the harmonization and coordination processes of United Nations reform through, inter alia, strengthened partnerships with other funds, programmes and organizations of the United Nations system and through the promotion of development, including technical cooperation, women's human rights and a gender-equality perspective in the policies, guidelines and tools developed by the United Nations Development Group;
9. Calls upon donor countries to continue to give priority to the eradication of poverty in their assistance programmes and budgets, on either a bilateral or a multilateral basis;
Subprogramme 1
14. Reaffirms the rights and duties of coastal States to ensure proper conservation and management measures with respect to the living resources in zones under their national jurisdiction, in accordance with international law, as reflected in the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea;
56/123. Strengthening the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme, in particular its technical cooperation capacity
"22.3 By the end of the period covered by the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, it is expected that the following will have been accomplished:
RESOLUTION 56/57
Defences and rights of set-off of the debtor
Recognizing the complementarity of bilateral, plurilateral and multilateral negotiations on disarmament,
2. Also expresses its appreciation to the Advisory Commission of the Agency, and requests it to continue its efforts and to keep the General Assembly informed of its activities, including the full implementation of decision 48/417;
1. Notes with appreciation the action taken by the Secretary-General in compliance with its resolution 60/37;
Against: United States of America
Conservation of Fresh Water
United Nations
Third Reading-Motion in Amendment-Vote Deferred
Referred to committee
Second Reading-Debate Continued
A Bill to Change the Names of Certain Electoral Districts
In the Netherlands yesterday, over 150,000 people lined the streets, applauding continuously, to express their love and gratitude to the Canadian soldiers who liberated them from the shackles of war.
Hon. Lorna Milne :
There is no relief in sight.
Hon. J. Bernard Boudreau (Leader of the Government) :
I also thank him for his clarification with respect to some of the comments that were made in this chamber last week.
Chairman Li and all members, we wish you welcome here in the Senate of Canada.
I can certainly put the question to the minister, framed in the way that the honourable senator has requested.
Senator Boudreau :
Honourable senators, three months ago, the government had not expressed its position on this subject.
Honourable senators, I thank the Honourable Senator Andreychuk for raising that very timely issue, as we have seen it in the news particularly in the last number of days.
We endorse the efforts of the United Nations.
Hon. Donald H. Oliver :
On the Order:
That role is not negligible, since the House of Commons will take into consideration the resolutions or official statements of the Senate on that issue.
The survival of a country is the most fundamental matter on which a people may be called upon to pronounce.
Honourable senators, this government is betting on clarity.
Some Hon. Senators :
I do not think we have little prejudice just because we were born under bright sunny skies and drank the clear water.
Senator Prud'homme :
What do you suppose will happen if after the next election we have a minority government?
Now they can almost hear the thundering hooves -
The Hon. the Speaker pro tempore :
Do we need an amendment that would speak to the time line - in other words, that the Senate would not be holding up the consideration of the clarity of the question?
What help might the honourable senator give on that particular consideration?
Thus, I would think that an issue such as this would be well within the capacity of one of our committees to study.
Senator Taylor was alluding to the question that I put previously.
Yet, we still find that our efforts and positions are being weakened by the actions of the federal government.
At least we had a long debate.
I do not want to prejudge what will happen there, but we can already see a trend developing of the members who are being considered for that committee not being in a mood to accept amendments.
Honourable senators know my sensitivity to the first Canadians.
Is Senator Watt contemplating moving an instruction asking the committee to, in particular, study the impact of Bill C-20 on the James Bay treaty and the other related First Nations issues?
Before the Standing Senate Committee on Legal and Constitutional Affairs on September 23, 1998, on Bill C-37, to amend the Judges' Act, Minister McLellan said that she and her department were examining the extension of benefits to all relationships of economic dependency.
The Shorter Oxford English Dictionary defines "conjugal" as:
Reproduction is not a legal process, it is a biological one.
Section 1.1 is not an enacting provision; it is simply an interpretative section.
Honourable senators, I sincerely believe that it is possible to be fair in our community, and it is truly possible to do justice to all.
That has always been my understanding.
I have attempted to look quickly at some of the documents that I have on the origins of morality, which is a very complex and large issue.
The minister told the Standing Senate Committee on Legal and Constitutional Affairs that she would proceed in that way and that she would be looking at all familial relationships of dependency.
Two judges maintained the traditional definition, while the opinion of Judge Greer was contrary.
I believe that, if the case of M. v. H. were adjudicated in the Supreme Court of Canada today, the opinion of Judge Greer would prevail.
I would say that a doubt remained.
That, of course, has nothing to do with the religious definition that a church or a moral code could give of marriage.
Some Hon. Senators :
Hon. Noël A. Kinsella (Deputy Leader of the Opposition) :
Payments in Lieu of Taxes Bill
Motion agreed to and bill read third time and passed.
Honourable senators, I am prepared to give my ruling now on the matter that was raised in this regard.
The first occurred in July 1988 and related to Bill C-72, on official languages.
Taking a somewhat different approach than that maintained by the Leader of the Opposition, Senator Kinsella argued that the Rules of the Senate provide mandates for all of its standing committees, including Legal and Constitutional Affairs.
Honourable senators, is it your pleasure to adopt the motion?
Some Hon. Senators :
It may be that the committee will sit on Mondays and Fridays when some of our committees sit.
Assuming that the bill is given second reading, the committee could even meet in weeks when we might normally expect to have a break.
The bill addresses young people and is intended to serve young people.
Again, that is what Bill S-20 is about.
First, we have good tobacco legilation.
They want to stop smoking, they want to stop tobacco, and they want to stop it now.
We all know that does not work.
At least the Liberal organizers know that.
That is not very much money if you think about.
It should be approved by the other place, because clause 3 of the bill establishes that a distinction must be made between the reason for establishing the Foundation - the program of education for youth - and the bill.
For the honourable senators who had followed the debate, it will be a bit of a repeat.
Senator Rompkey is proposing, without naming them, a list of very long names.
He will have no choice but to amend the electoral map.
In the case of Ontario ridings as well, if I remember correctly, with the same names provincially and federally, their geographical limits were the same for both.
The Senate has not yet debated, discussed or concluded its views on our report, so I simply want to advise honourable senators that, tomorrow, the Standing Committee on Privileges, Standing Rules and Orders will commence to act as if it is the committee from which the alleged breach has sprung.
Senator Cools :
Further reductions in strategic offensive weapons can only be considered in the context of preservation of the ABM Treaty.
Furthermore, the U.S. and North Korea are making progress in a cooperative program to eliminate the North Korean missile threat.
The countries that have been named - Iran, Iraq and North Korea - do not possess nuclear weapons.
Moreover, with respect to their participation in international agreements, the three countries that I have named are participants in the non-proliferation treaty.
Some of the key rejected committee recommendations were those addressing the defence budget and the size of the regular forces.
DND says that the increase in their budget will head off possible layoffs of soldiers and will allow the ministry to begin looking at purchasing new equipment, including 28 Maritime helicopters to replace the Sea Kings, upgrading the CF-18s and the Aurora patrol planes and the Hercules.
Quality of life programs are certainly where DND has placed the most emphasis in recent years and the department has been successful at implementing changes.
Honourable senators, inadequate funding has led to numerous deferrals, delays and cancellations in the capital acquisition process.
NATO has expressed the view that Canada is not pulling its weight in multilateral and bilateral security organizations.
Honourable senators, I have the honour to report to this House on the visit undertaken from April 8 to 20 by the Prime Minister of Canada, the Right Honourable Jean Chrétien, to a number of Middle East countries, namely, Israel, Palestine, Egypt, Lebanon, Jordan, Syria and Saudi Arabia.
As a facilitator for confidence-strengthening measures in the marine sector, Canada hosted a number of events, including the symposium on marine safety, which was held in Nova Scotia, in 1997.
In Egypt, Prime Minister Alaf Ebeid publicly complimented Canada.
It is the largest Arab city in Israel, a kind of national, cultural and patriotic capital for Arab-Israelis.
I had not seen it for more that half a century.
The first case was the Prime Minister's error in not visiting East Jerusalem.
Neither newspaper said anything about support for a unilateral declaration of independence.
In fact, the conflict between Syria and Israel is more about borders and security than it is about water.
The Israeli press carried a story that a meeting of refugee experts in Ottawa in 1999 did help move ahead on the compensation question.
We have long deplored the relative absence of Canadian media interest in Canadian foreign policy.
This motion was developed by Senator Stollery in discussions with myself.
I support the wish of Senator Stollery and the Foreign Affairs Committee to examine the performance report.
Adjournment
Election of Canada to Human Rights Commission
It is my understanding that the government leader will be taking a Sea King ride this weekend, probably Saturday.
Having said that, the people of Canada, through their tax dollars, support that institution quite substantially and do so on the basis that it is a national institution that serves the country as a whole.
Hon. Douglas Roche :
On the Order:
My fifth point is that in the two instances of past secession referendum campaigns in 1990 and 1995, Prime Ministers Trudeau and Chrétien clearly stated that the Government of Canada did not have a mandate to preside over the breakup of Canada, either through a popular mandate from Canadian citizens or through the Constitution.
Honourable Senator Joyal, I regret that your allotted time has expired.
Both of those kinds of negotiations may be entered into by the executive branch as a means of exercising prerogatives arising from the competence of the federal executive under section 91, or for peace, order and good government.
To say otherwise is to repudiate the fair position taken by Prime Ministers Trudeau and Chrétien in the past, namely, that they had neither the mandate nor the constitutional authority to break up the country.
This is where the indivisibility of the Canadian federation lies.
It has the essential duty to protect the regions and minority rights in any secession decision leading to secession.
He stated at that time:
Honourable senators, the amending formula adopted in 1982 provided that the Senate could be overridden essentially - and I insist upon this - because the provincial legislatures were recognized as defenders of regional interests in the amending formula.
We could never consent to a secession project unless the sovereign will of the Canadian people formally authorized us to do so.
In his opinion, did the situation change in any material respect with the adoption of an amending formula in 1982?
Resuming debate on the motion of the Honourable Senator Hays, seconded by the Honourable Senator Moore, for the third reading of Bill C-2, respecting the election of members to the House of Commons, repealing other Acts relating to elections and making consequential amendments to other Acts;
Agreement on Anti-Ballistic Missile Defence System with United States-Decision-Making Process-Possibility of Special Cabinet Committee
As Le Droit would put it: "It is a fine batch."
Despite the fact that crucial information remained unknown, the Ontario government decided there was no need for an investigation.
In a letter to the editor, one of the victims stated:
I want to see things move along, thus the notice of motion I just gave.
It states that:
It may be wrong, but it seems to be the position of the government and confirmed in the advisory opinion.
Hon. Serge Joyal :
Furthermore, one must keep in mind that many provinces have given themselves additional needs before expressing their consent to the amending formula.
It is the convention of the government.
Hon. Noël A. Kinsella (Deputy Leader of the Opposition) :
Honourable senators, I thank the Honourable Senator Kinsella for his question.
Senator Joyal just read from the secession reference at paragraph 53, which states:
Do not knock at my door on Monday morning.
Given that this immensely important information is before us and that the principles are being clarified as each honourable senator brings his or her reflections to the issue, we then have to deal with what is being suggested within the context of the legislative process.
There is absolutely nothing to prevent the federal government from consulting the Canadian public.
Hon. Roch Bolduc :
I think this approach remains theoretical, because the amending formula will never meet the requirements of democracy, which is guaranteed in the Constitution implicitly with what he quoted from the Supreme Court of Canada.
Senator Rivest :
Honourable senators will understand that at this point in time, while we are at the very important beginning of enlightening ourselves and one another, it is premature to conclude finally the implications of this bill.
It is possible that I was told and I do not remember.
Honourable senators, is that the motion about which we are talking?
That will be the end of it.
As I understood it, he said there will be six days allowed for further debate on Bill C-20. Am I right or am I wrong?
The motion is to strike a 15-person committee.
Nevertheless, let me explain again.
What of constitutional conventions?
This country's planted thick with laws from coast to coast - Man's law, not God's - and if you cut them down - and you're just the man to do it - d'you really think you could stand upright in the winds that would blow then?
I believe, as Senator Joyal has said, that every member and the chair of this committee will allow a full and fair airing of all the evidence that would reflect on the opinions that you have heard here today.
As Senator Joyal and Senator Finestone said, we have the bill before us; we are obliged to deal with it.
Senator Murray :
Who speaks for the new or the old?
The Parliament of Canada speaks for Canada.
Honourable senators, I shall be brief, since I have amendments to introduce.
The main registered political parties must maintain transparent financial activities.
Honourable senators, I should like to introduce some amendments dealing with what I just talked about.
(4) Outside an election period, the electoral district agent of a registered party is:
Honourable senators, I move, seconded by the Honourable Senator Prud'homme:
"electoral district agents, registered agents and officers of the party to".
My own feelings are in accord with the honourable senator's on the value of transparency in all matters to do with our democracy.
Honourable senators, I was expecting Senator Hays to show me how well-organized political parties have adequate control over their financial activities.
If he tells me that it is possible but that he does not know, I will understand.
The system is working well.
It is healthy and improved.
Bill read first time.
Honourable senators, when shall this bill be read the second time?
Is leave granted to withdraw the motion, honourable senators?
Leave having been given to revert to Government Notices of Motions:
Annual Report Tabled
Bill to Amend-First Reading
Legal and Constitutional Affairs
International Trade
Bill to Give Effect to the Requirement for Clarity as Set Out in the Opinion of the Supreme Court of Canada in the Quebec Secession Reference
Business of the Senate
Tribute
Prime Minister Obuchi was a respected world leader admired for his humility and soft-spoken approach to politics.
Hon. Gérald-A.
I certainly wish to join with my colleagues in paying tribute to him and to his family, and in thanking them for making it possible for such a great jurist to enlighten this Parliament.
The Hon. the Speaker informed the Senate that a message had been received from the House of Commons with Bill C-26, to amend the Canada Transportation Act, the Competition Act, the Competition Tribunal Act and the Air Canada Public Participation Act and to amend another Act in consequence.
Honourable senators, I do not think that it was ever intended that these be backroom strategies.
Strategically, agriculture and the WTO are very important.
I shall simply convey those feelings and that viewpoint to Minister Pettigrew and other colleagues who have been very interested in this issue.
Honourable senators, I should like to direct a question to the Chair of the Standing Senate Committee on Agriculture and Forestry.
Honourable senators, there are many issues.
Honourable senators, in fact the mandate the committee today is the future of agriculture in Canada.
The honourable senator asked if there will be a farming industry in Canada.
We used to do that, as I indicated, in the fishing industry as well.
It is not a debatable motion.
Hon. Lowell Murray :
That a special committee of the Senate be appointed to consider, after second reading, the Bill C-20, An Act to give effect to the requirement for clarity as set out in the opinion of the Supreme Court of Canada in the Quebec Secession Reference;
That, notwithstanding Rule 85(1)( b ), the committee be comprised of fifteen members, including:
This motion intends to oust certain senators, particularly myself, from Senate committee study of Bill C-20.
It does not wish to submit the study of Bill C-20 to certain senators, myself included.
The tragic and terrible hanging of Riel still haunts the national conscience and needs examination.
Treason is most complex.
If it is not accepted, then no leave is granted.
Senator Cools :
The Hon. the Speaker :
The BNA Act by express provisions conferred on the Parliament of Canada the duty of superintendence over treason, over the union of Canada and over Canada's sovereignty and existence as a nation, a superintendence over Canada's indivisibility.
. One Consolidated Revenue Fund .
No government of Canada or a province has a prerogative to negotiate secession.
The first objective of the Constitution, and the government, is to preserve the Constitution and the country.
I ask honourable senators to reflect upon what Sir John A. Macdonald and the Fathers of Confederation used to say.
Honourable senators, I do not speak about race.
I would be happy to take questions.
Perhaps, over time, we can debate these issues and clarify them.
Would the Honourable Senator Cools give us her view on whether it would constitute a breach of privilege of a senator and, therefore, a breach of privilege of this house if the government picked on a member of this house by deciding no to send a particular legislative initiative to a particular committee because that senator were a member of that committee?
Yes, we rely on party leaders in this chamber to recommend senators for membership on committees, but we sometimes forget that in the long run these decisions are made by orders of the Senate.
I should like to share with you an anecdote I remember reading about C.D. Howe.
However, they will, if the special committee is formed, be allowed to attend and participate in the debates.
Motion in Amendment
I notice amongst the proposed names on the government side is that of Senator Milne, who is the Chairman of the Legal and Constitutional Affairs Committee and whose diligence and hard work are appreciated on both sides.
If what the deputy leader said about that committee's work is accurate, Senator Milne will be hard pressed to satisfy the new obligations that will be imposed upon her.
I would make that offer.
I also hope that my remarks will not be construed as preaching for a call.
It is the fundamental question that this bill does not address.
( b ) the percentage of eligible voters voting in the referendum; and
Can you imagine what would take place?
Senator Stratton :
I have a page and a half left in my speech.
Of course, should a special committee be established to deal with Bill C-20, this motion will be amended accordingly.
The Hon. the Acting Speaker :
The court said that it would be for political actors.
Senator Kinsella :
Agreed.
Agreed.
However, Canada intends to sign the optional protocol with the declaration indicating that our domestic legislation is in the process of being amended to ensure compliance with the terms of the optional protocol and that Canada intends to ratify it as soon as this amendment receives Royal Assent.
They are living in great poverty.
That a special committee of the Senate be appointed to consider, after second reading, the Bill C-20, An Act to give effect to the requirement for clarity as set out in the opinion of the Supreme Court of Canada in the Quebec Secession Reference;
The Hon. the Speaker :
For example, they referred to recruitment as a competition for manpower, or terms to that effect, and that they wanted to exploit that manpower in such a way as to get value for bucks.
The Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of National Defence have been taking some useful steps to deal with this serious problem.
Honourable senators, conventions and the whole other range of the so-called unwritten constitution are pure politics.
This is an infringement.
It is not only Neanderthal, politically prehistoric, but it is dangerous.
At the present time, the executive, or cabinet, has the prerogative on whether to enter into negotiations concerning constitutional amendments, and though neither chamber has a direct role to play in that decision, our system of responsible government gives the House of Commons leverage that we in the Senate do not have.
Senator Boudreau does not understand the system of governance in which he is operating, and the government seems to hope that most senators do not.
Prime Minister R. B. Bennett, that foremost authority on the Parliament and Constitution of Canada, described the role of the Senate in such an address.
That action, I suggest, would require two stages.
Addresses are a mode of speaking to the sovereign, of giving advice and opinion to Her Majesty.
This bill requires a 90-day pre-publication period for regulations and a 30-day notice period for further changes.
Third, it complements other federal initiatives against organized crime by helping Canada to meet its international commitments in this area.
On motion of Senator Kinsella, for Senator Kelleher, debate adjourned.
The object of this program is to ensure that the language of each version of a federal law or regulation reflects the traditions of civil law and of common law.
Senator Céline Hervieux-Payette, P.C.
Senator Richard Kroft
The Hon. the Speaker :
In other words, according to the association, the original wording of the bill could have the unintended effect of also including passengers on pleasure craft.
The committee feels that the proposed amendments are a satisfactory response to the concerns raised by the Canadian Maritime Law Association.
Energy, the Environment and Natural Resources
Since then, I am very pleased to report to the Senate that the diplomatic corps of all the Arab-speaking countries has met with senior Foreign Affairs officials in Ottawa.
News programs coming out of Halifax and Toronto, as my honourable colleague pointed out, cannot speak to New Brunswick or reflect New Brunswick and its issues as effectively as a program emanating in New Brunswick, for New Brunswick.
Hon. Mira Spivak :
Honourable senators, I should like to commend the Government of Canada for its leadership role in encouraging peace in Colombia.
I therefore call attention of the Senate to the excellent work that the embassy continues to provide on behalf of Canada.
Data Bank on Details of Private Citizens-Verification of Accuracy of Information
There are many spin-off, high-tech industries related to shipbuilding.
The minister continues to work with the stakeholders in this important area, but I have nothing specific to report at this point.
In the case of the Sea King, the Air Force indicates that there are no technical airworthiness concerns that preclude the helicopter from flying in the United States.
Between 1994 and 1996 review times were cut by 50 per cent.
Drug companies, perhaps because of marketing considerations, often choose to seek approval of their products in other jurisdictions before applying for a Notice of Compliance in Canada.
At the same time, this bill consolidates existing marine liability regimes into a single statute.
The intent of the regime of liability to passengers is to ensure that in the event of a loss, particularly a major one, the claimants have a guarantee of a set level of compensation and, at the same time, to provide to shipowners a means for determining their potential exposure to passenger claims.
I am pleased, once again, to support speedy passage of Bill S-17, this time at third reading.
This debate has been, as several have remarked, a most edifying one.
We have 133 years of history to prove it.
In view of the quite crude provision in this bill, which states that the Commons will decide whether the majority is clear after the vote is held, the Péquiste government will tell the people not only that voting Yes is the only way to get the others to the table, but that the majority must be absolutely convincing and large beyond any doubt.
That Canada, in which it is the lot of public people to try to contain extremes, avoid confrontation and promote unity, is the Canada that is most at risk with this ill-considered and ill-advised bill.
In vain did they look to our predecessors for redress or security.
The problems with the division of powers lie in the way in which the federal spending power has been used over the years, and in the need to respect the fact that there are vastly different social problems and circumstances from one region to the other.
I could not identify the events in the intervening period that have given rise to what one journalist has called, "the fed-up factor."
For people to suggest otherwise is really very foolish, in my view.
In any case, after the two referendums in which we purported to offer something for the future, what do we have?
What would the honourable senator think of a decision made by the House of Commons that would either decide the clarity of a question or of the results when it is quite conceivable that a government of the combined opposition could have a say in this issue?
The Hon. the Speaker :
Agreed.
Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) Bill
I recognize that she is raising an important point.
Replacement of Sea King Helicopters-Openness of Procurement Process
Federal Law-Civil Law Harmonization Bill
I was reminded of how mammoth this problem will become when I saw Senator Stanbury up in the gallery on Tuesday.
They came from every one of our nation's provinces and territories.
The week of May 1 to 11 marked an important observance for the people of Holland and for Canadians, especially for our gallant and courageous war veterans.
We shall never forget."
Honourable senators, I thank the honourable senator for raising this question again today.
Honourable senators, not being around 10 years ago in this capacity, I have no idea who the experts were at that stage.
Senator Lynch-Staunton :
Proposal to Institute Government Responses to Petitions
The U.S. Food and Drug Agency issues a license for a vaccine only if it meets their rigorous standards which are among the highest in the world.
Senator Hays :
All governments are becoming more concerned with questions of expenditure than they used to, and that distinguishes the legislation in a major way.
It is legislation that calls upon people in ways that are new to them.
Is leave being sought to continue?
The Hon. the Acting Speaker :
I should hope that Senator Pitfield could conclude and the Leader of the Opposition and the Leader of the Government - in that order - could have some of that time.
Yes.
The Hon. the Speaker :
The Hon. the Speaker :
The Senate proceeded to consideration of the sixth report of the Committee of Selection (nomination of certain Senators-Special Committee on Bill C-20), presented in the Senate on May 17, 2000.-(
Competition Act
Its focus is to promote and protect both competition and the consumer.
( b ) required to submit to the chief agent of the registered party that appointed the person to act as the electoral district agent an annual financial transactions return, in accordance with subsection (5), on the electoral district association's financial transactions.
(7) The electoral district association shall provide the chief agent of a registered party with the documents referred to in subsection (5) within six months after the end of the fiscal period.";
Unfortunately, unlike his two rivals, Mr. Long refuses to be upfront with Canadians.
There is no current process by which the public has any input as to what happens to these historical Canadian landmarks.
Some lighthouses in Canada are currently being automated and most of the historical navigational equipment has been removed.
Unfortunately, when the shore party offloaded supplies under thick fog and waited until the fog had cleared, they found themselves on Carmanah Point, some distance away.
Captain Juan Perez sailed into these waters aboard the Santiago , with the intention of exploring more northerly latitudes and claiming land for Spain.
Honourable senators, I am somewhat bothered by Senator Milne's motion.
When censuses are conducted in the future, perhaps people should be advised that the information will be released at a set time in the future.
Senator Taylor :
The Hon. the Speaker :
Is it your wish to proceed to that order?
On the Order:
A proclamation was issued on May 26, 1866 and the Civil Code of Lower Canada took effect on August 1, 1866, eleven months before Confederation.
If no other honourable senator wishes to speak, I shall put the question.
On motion of Senator Hays, bill referred to the Standing Senate Committee on Legal and Constitutional Affairs.
That is an uncharitable view of any opposition to the status quo.
It concerns me how the legal profession joins arms and circles like Arctic muskox when someone who is not from the judiciary or the legal profession suggests that changes should be made to the statutes which deal with punishment for offences committed.
That comment is a prelude to my remarks because, although I have spent many years in the legislature and in other places, not as a lawyer, I must say that have "hatched" a few of them in my family.
In other words, over a period of time, under our present system, we are encouraging the commission of multiple rapes or murders.
Logic is witness to that.
Senator Cools has drawn another impression, that is unfortunate, but that certainly is what I intended to say and I believe that is what I said.
Senator Poulin :
The honourable senator actually asked three questions.
On Motion No. 70:
Hon. Dan Hays (Deputy Leader of the Government) :
Motion to Authorize Committee to Meet During Sittings of the Senate Withdrawn
The Honourable Dan Hays
Second Report of the Joint Committee Presented
We may wonder what he and others like him endured in those final minutes.
He was one of British Columbia's and Canada's most illustrious sons, and his country is in his debt.
We will all miss him.
Five times he was named top scorer in the regular season.
In the playoffs, he took part in 133 games, accumulated 126 points, scored 82 goals, 18 of them winning goals, and, finally, racked up seven hat tricks.
This is probably why the news of his death affected the entire hockey community in Canada, in the United States, even in Europe.
Honourable senators, Senator Nolin told me just now that Maurice Richard was the only hockey player to have been named first, second and third star in one game.
The university celebrated its fiftieth anniversary, and my friend and colleague Senator Bill Rompkey received an honorary doctorate of laws.
Honourable senators, from president of the students representative council, to educator, to the House of Commons, to the Senate, he has served and continues to serve what he terms "my people" with distinction, and dreams of the time when the land claims for the Innu and Inuit people are settled.
In 1970, as a rancher, he visited Japan in his efforts to expand the trade of agricultural products between the two countries.
Hon. Lorna Milne :
Balanced budgets can leave too high a price to pay.
Hon. Douglas Roche :
Ambassador Westdal, a Canadian diplomat who knows how to negotiate, made a signal contribution to the well-being of the world community.
Canada had a special role.
We express serious concern over the action of the military court in South Korea sentencing to death Kim Dae-Jung, and that we implore President Chun to use his ultimate executive power to secure the release of Mr. Kim.
Information Commissioner
On motion of Senator Rompkey, report placed on the Orders of the Day for consideration at the next sitting of the Senate.
The Hon. the Speaker :
Nay.
Rather than speculate on that, I will simply go back to the minister and ask for further clarification of the information.
Those troops, as one can understand, felt somewhat abandoned.
I am not sure that I understand the point honourable senator is making.
"(3) The registration of an electoral district agent is valid
( e ) a statement of contributions received by the registered party from any of its trust funds;
This clause leaves out the Senate.
When the minister and government House leader appeared before the Standing Senate Committee on Legal and Constitutional Affairs on Bill C-2, Senator Beaudoin and a number of other senators were present, and I raised the fact that at clause 18.1, the permission or approval given the committee of the House to agree to testing an electronic voting process omitted the Senate.
However, the government could have amended it at third reading stage since it had been amended at committee stage.
Nay.
If we had taken the approach to transportation then that we do now, with the bottom line being getting rid of subsidies, we would not have a Canada.
Senator Bolduc :
Is it your pleasure, honourable senators, to dispense with rule 83?
I think the most enjoyable thing I have done since I took on this job was coming to a session of the Committee of the Whole Senate about a year and a half ago.
It was strenuously opposed - sometimes publicly, while on other occasions not so publicly - by many special interests groups.
In spite of the efforts to fix the issue, the underlying problem of the social insurance number has not been addressed.
I appeared before the expert panel that was appointed by the Minister of Industry to look into this question of what to do about census records in response to the strong representations that were made by the historical and genealogical committee.
I am talking about sex, sex preferences - which was asked in the latest one I saw - family histories, income and lifestyle.
I hope that your successor will carry on in the way that you have set up your office, and that is in favour of that important element in our society which is privacy.
All Canadians have to answer that question, not only those who answer the questions on the long form.
I will say on behalf of Statistics Canada that at least they are aware of this problem and are trying to fix it.
Mr. Phillips :
Statistics Canada requested this opinion.
It is too bad that the lawyers were in such a hurry.
After 100 years, the defence of privacy rights is suddenly paramount and overriding the legitimate and intended use of personal information for research purposes.
I think I have to agree with the fact that the right to privacy might diminish to a certain extent.
It is not unreasonable to make adequate provision to take care of that problem.
At present, in Newfoundland, the 1945 census information is available to the public and there have been no complaints whatsoever.
Mr. Phillips, I should like to address a slightly different area.
I will give you an example.
Mr. Phillips :
Mr. Phillips, today we heard Minister Stewart say that she was dismantling the file.
It contains the ingredients for the proper management of data in a way that allows for transparency in public reporting so that people know what is going on.
Mr. Phillips :
It is a darned good idea, and maybe sometime we will get around to it.
On the contrary, I am sure most of it is necessary, and for the public's benefit.
It is a field ripe for careful study.
What will happen if a consensus does not develop?
Would you comment on how you see that playing out?
Are you comfortable with that still?
I do not believe it was the intention of this Parliament, and certainly not the intention of this office, to behave in an impatient or arbitrary fashion that will force businesses to shut down and put people out of work.
Mr. Phillips :
Mr. Phillips, it is my understanding that people can access information in the provincial tax base, and if there is any misunderstanding it can be cleared up.
Since I came to this place 16 years ago, I have spent a great deal of my time working with and advocating for people with literacy problems and learning disabilities.
Wednesday, May 31, 2000
Replacement of Sea King Helicopters-Operational Requirements of New Aircraft
Visitors in the Gallery
Heritage Lighthouses Protection Bill
Second Report of Joint Committee Adopted
Energy, the Environment and Natural Resources
Bill read first time.
Human Resources Development
Has there been any change in the operational requirements for that aircraft?
Senator Gustafson :
Senator Forrestall :
How quickly does the government leader expect to have that bill back before this chamber?
Hear, hear!
Resuming debate on the motion of the Honourable Senator Forrestall, seconded by the Honourable Senator DeWare, for the second reading of Bill S-21, to protect heritage lighthouses.-(
I look forward to further debate on this issue once it has been referred to the appropriate standing Senate committee.
The Hon. the Speaker :
Infants' expectations are almost entirely on the side of parents.
We, in turn, had the expectation that they would put their toys away.
Visitor in the Gallery
The Senate proceeded to consideration of the second report of the Standing Joint Committee on the Library of Parliament (mandate of the Committee), presented in the Senate onMay 30, 2000.-(
Hon. Louis J. Robichaud :
In addition, the information allows us to better respond to the specific needs of different groups of people.
It is a great tribute to him and his efforts.
Taiwan is also, to some degree, involved in that question.
I did not.
Go ahead.
It is not just a matter of custom and tradition.
I do not understand that and, by the way, I do not agree with it.
Senator Lynch-Staunton :
Senator Carstairs :
Senator Hays :
(4) No person, other than a chief agent of a registered party, shall provide official receipts to contributors of monetary contributions to a registered party for the purpose of subsection 127(3) of the Income Tax Act.",
Let's do it now.
The Hon. the Speaker :
The Hon. the Speaker :
The Senate adjourned during pleasure.
An Act respecting the election of members to the House of Commons, repealing other Acts relating to elections and making consequential amendments to other Acts ( Bill C-2, Chapter 9, 2000)
The Honourable the Deputy Governor General was pleased to retire.
The Honourable Gildas L. Molgat, Speaker
Honourable senators, the International Association of Fire Fighters is advocating a regulatory change to Canada's Income Tax Act that would allow Canadian firefighters to make adequate pension contributions to enable them to retire before the rigours of the job endanger them or their fellow firefighters.
Not yet!
On motion of Senator Hays, bill placed on the orders of the day for second reading two days hence.
Foreign Affairs
If that is not showing a preference, I suggest that the Leader of the Government in the Senate is in complete denial.
"We know Vice-President Gore.
Senator Stratton :
Were there instructions, by any chance?
Senator Stratton :
It is not the answer that I want to discuss privately.
World Trade Organization-Negotiations on Agricultural Subsidies-Government Policy
With all initial negotiating proposals to be tabled by the end of December, a further meeting may be held in January 2001, prior to a stock-taking in March 2001, completing the first phase of the negotiations.
In the Cairns Group, Canada is also actively pursuing our interests.
Maternity Hospital project in Freetown ($500,000)
American Convention on Human Rights
The Hon. the Speaker :
Referred to Committee
They sent out a little flyer, one of those multi-paged ones, in bank statements and with Visa bills.
The only way to protect consumers in these industries is to do so at the federal level.
With the explosion of the information technology, it has become far easier for these companies to bundle, package and increase the number of services provided to existing customers.
Moreover, how much competition will exist if big banks are allowed to merge in the not-so-distant future?
ROUTINE PROCEEDINGS
Internal Economy, Budgets and Administration
Replacement of Sea King Helicopters-Possibility of Imminent Announcement on Procurement
SENATORS' STATEMENTS
Many of us watched the massacre of unarmed students and civilians on television, but few of us understood why the tragedy happened.
Agreed.
The Hon. the Speaker pro tempore :
As private companies are involved, this is the subject of discussions in the amalgamation process.
I could just as easily have mentioned the Canadian Foundation for Innovation, which is a huge government commitment to research and development.
I must also say, honourable senators, that that fund can be accessed with participation from universities and with provincial governments.
Hear, hear!
I would say that is a big improvement, from three years out of four to three years out of six.
Most important, there is presumption of truthfulness for all those who apply to become Canadian citizens.
With respect to the change around judges and commissioners, Bill C-16 also includes an important change to the role of commissioners.
Revocation of citizenship is not new, nor has the process been changed.Bill
The final appeal rests with the Governor in Council and, unlike a court, the Governor in Council can consider humanitarian and compassionate reasons why citizenship should not be revoked.
Honourable senators, the revocation process is built upon our parliamentary traditions.
We are into the third revision.
The honourable senator, in her speech, said that the purpose of the bill was to "modernize Canadian citizenship."
Canadians sometimes have to be reminded about the civility of living in close collaboration with neighbours and respecting differences.
As well, the bill includes for the first time an oath to Canada, a sense of responsibility for Canada, and it asks for allegiance to Canada, something that was not required previously.
I can only speak for myself.
For once, the House of Commons does not stand out to be a perfect place.
That the Committee report to the Senate no later than June 21, 2001.
Equipment costs are sometimes borne in individual provinces by provincial governments; in other places they are not.
Furthermore, the subcommittee recommends that the federal government, in collaboration with the provinces, establish those home care and pharmacare programs necessary for the dying.
Why can one of them not be directed toward palliative care and care of the dying in Canada?
Well, technical or not, Senator Roche was an active, participating member of our committee.
We have also added, in order to facilitate consultation, part of the glossary contained in our 1995 report, that is, the definitions that relate to the report we are tabling today.
Euthanasia and assisted suicide are illegal in Canada and should stay that way.
Will the provision of widespread palliative care end the calls by some for legalized euthanasia and assisted suicide?
Honourable senators, what is at the root of such a paucity of services by governments for the dying?
That at 3:30 p.m. tomorrow, if the business of the Senate has not been completed, the Speaker shall interrupt the proceedings to adjourn the Senate;
Debates of the Senate (Hansard)
We are pleased to see that the Subcommittee report reflects many of the recommendations we presented.
I have asked that question of the Table and have been advised that the error was discovered by the responsible ministry when reviewing the document and, I assume, communicated to the Table in the other place.
What I think I heard is which one do we pick?
That, notwithstanding Rules 63(1) and 63(2), the proceedings on Bill C-12, An Act to amend the Canada Labour Code (Part II) in respect of occupational health and safety, to make technical amendments to the Canada Labour Code (Part I) and to make consequential amendments to other Acts, which took place on Thursday, June 1, 2000, be declared null and void, and
Honourable senators, yesterday I humbly made the suggestion that 24 hours' reflection could be helpful.
Honourable senators, my question is for the Leader of the Government in the Senate.
I gather that is the Honourable Herb Gray's committee.
Senator Boudreau :
The City of Winnipeg probably will shoot me for saying this, but I really believe that is the best use of that facility.
- The CBC Board of Directors announced on May 29, 2000 that it had approved plans to transform CBC English television services.
It had travelled in 1995.
The treatment administered should be commensurate with the needs, of course, as distinct from the requirements of older patients.
The entire committee endorsed this view.
Out of that concern came the specific recommendations, all of them unanimous relative to palliative care; hence, our current review of examining and updating those 1995 unanimous recommendations.
Senator Carstairs is absent at this moment because she is attending an important announcement at the University of Ottawa regarding palliative care.
The Hon. the Speaker pro tempore :
However, since the amendment is only asking the government to give an accounting in six months, I should like to speak to the report and the motion in amendment.
Listening to the speeches made by the subcommittee members yesterday brought back many memories of the Special Senate Committee on Euthanasia and Assisted Suicide, of which I was a member.
It does not have to cost a great deal.
I should like to say to Senator Carstairs that her subcommittee did a fine job updating "Of Life and Death."
Finally, I want to make the point that with committee work, it is not always the amount of money we spend that dictates the quality of the work.

